---
title: "TOEFL-写作素材"
date: 2021-07-01T15:01:38+08:00
draft: false
categories:
    - work
    - English
    - TOEFL

tags:
    - language
    - English
    - TOEFL

libraries:
    - katex
---

## 综合写作




1. TPO 41


**Both the reading and listening are arguing over a question whether** it is possible to send human being to Mars. 

The reading lists out three problems to a successful carrying out. 

**However, the listening offers** three solutions to these questions. 

**First, the reading raises the question that** it takes too long to send peopleto Mars, approximately two years and no spacecraft could take that many loads of food, water and life essentials. 

**Instead, the listening says** this is not a real problem since the astronauts could use hydroponics to grow crop plants in water and food will not be an obstacle. Also, they could grow plants with recycle wastewater and reuse it as clean water vapor, which could be drunk. Plus, since all plants do photosynthesis, the astronauts could breathe fresh air released by them.

**Second, the reading asserts that** living in a zero-gravity environment would exert a negative effect on one ' s health. 

**Nevertheless, the professor says that** theastronauts have learned to use several techniques to make up for the health issue. They will do regular exercise to prevent muscle mass from decreasing andtake vitamins and minerals to slow down problem with their bone density. In another word, they' ve figured out how to cope with the potential health problem. 

**Third, the reading claims that** radiation emitted by the sun would be dangerous to astronauts. 

**This time professor subtly (巧妙地) rejects by pointing out that** a third solutionhas come out. The spaceship would be equipped with a special instrument to monitor the radiation. What' s more, the device could also shield against the radiation. When astronauts meet the period of a large amount of radiation, they could hide behind the shielded areas and come out when the danger has passed.



## 独立写作

Nowadys, with the advent of modernization, sophisticated technology and explosive information have invaded every aspect of our life. Quite a large number of people are facing a hot topic whether XXX. While some people are advocators for that <过渡段> .I confirmedly maintain that, XXX.



### 破题思路

#### 开篇


- Increasingly sophisticated technology, explosive information and intricate international relationships all work together to complicate the modern life, which makes our modern people somewhat overwhelmed.

- Nowadays, with the advent of modernization, more and more employers are seeking for high-end talents and professionals to enhance their companies' overall competitiveness, thus creating a much more throat-cutting job market than before.

- Friendship and kinship contribute a lot to one’s happiness. Then, the question goes, “does the ability to main long-term friendships with a small number of people matters more than the ability to make many new friends easily?” My answer is “yes”.

- **With the accelerating development of our society, arts and athletics have been playing two important roles in our daily life. It's hard to judge which has more significance. While some people are advocators for that** governments should spend more fund in support of the arts, there're also many people believe athletics worth more attention and investment. From my perspective, I disagree that the governments spend more money on supporting arts.

#### 理由

可以举例子，也可以下定义 (that is to say ...)

- Like Bill Gates, one of the most prominent persons I have ever seen, discontinued their studies since he was definite aware of what he should do in order to become the leader of IT field.

- Take Bill Gates, the founder of the well-known Microsoft Corporation, for example. Before he turned Microsoft into a successful commercial software company, Bill himself also began his career as an average software engineer. Fortunately, thanks to his marvelous expertise, he then stood out in his career and grabbed the very chance to establish his commercial empire.

- A survey conducted by experts from Oxford University shows that over 90% of 

- "The Story of the Stone", which has many characters with intricate relationships and complex social networks. I cannot figure it out.

- it reduces time by 15%; Compared with the reading textbooks, learning by watching TV reduces time by 15%.


#### 教育类

1. 选课话题

    对于选课类话题来说，可以从以下角度思考：

    对学生有没有用 （对所有学生而言）
    
    学生有没有兴趣
    
    会不会造成压力（学生金钱、心理和时间上的压力，学校老师的压力

    - TPO 50

        **Firstly,** it is unnecessary for IT majors to learn history courses.

        **Secondly,** accounting majors also are those students who don’t need to learn history.

        Of course, some students majoring in English and archeology may need to take history courses, because knowing something in history could deepen their understanding of their major study. 








### 素材


#### TPO 48

> Because **modern life** is very complex, it is essential for young people to have the ability to plan andorganize.Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

**Increasingly sophisticated technology, explosive information and intricate international relationships all work together to complicate the modern life, which makes our modern people somewhat overwhelmed.** Individuals whoever want to have a better control of one’s life must equip themselves with some essential skills or abilities. Planning and organizing, which embodies the skill of anticipating, influencing, and controlling, **in my view**, is becoming gradually important in coping with today’s complication especially for the young who are always the most passionate but also with less self-control.    

**First of all,** planning helps keep one on course in achieving goals and crystallize objectives. Young people always possess some grand dreams which may take years to accomplish. Planning ahead, on the one hand, could effectively put one on the right track thus prevent energy from being scattered or wasted. <u>A survey conducted by experts from Oxford University shows that over 90% of elites and enterprisers had precise objects and made plans for decades later at very young age. Like Bill Gates, one of the most prominent persons I have ever seen, discontinued their studies since he was definite aware of what he should do in order to become the leader of IT field.</u> On the other hand, plans, which are organized step by step, could turn the ultimate goals into several achievable ones. With achievable objective achieved one by one, the ultimate goal will finally be attained.    

**Besides,** planning and organizing help to promise one’s best performance in most occasions. Panning means trying to anticipate all the possibilities and arrange things in a scientific order. It clearly tells people what to do currently and what should do the next, which prevents disorder or chaos. Thus, people may feel assured and will be with less stress. For example, a student who sticks to a study plan is less likely to be nervous thus will be more likely to have better performance than those who crams for tests. Today youngsters are exposed with fierce competitions but also abundant opportunities. Good performance is key to hold these opportunities in hand.    

**It is undeniable that** our society changes at such a quick pace that we cannot plan everything in previous. But this by no means implies that the ability is not important. Without a plan, complex things will only get more complicated. Abraham Lincoln reportedly once said, “If I had 60 minutes to cut down a tree, I would spend 40 minutes sharpening the ax and 20 minutes cutting it down.”  Planning is just like “sharpening the ax”, which will no doubt facilitate a task easy done.    

**All in all,** though the ability of planning and organizing may not be omnipotent for people especially the young to cope with new situations in today’s complex society, it does facilitate to fulfill one’s life goals and help to improve one’s performance when opportunities come. 



#### TPO 49

> The ability to maintain **friendships** with a small number of people over a long period of time is moreimportant for happiness than the ability to make many new friends easily.


(首段) Friendship and kinship contribute a lot to one’s happiness. Then, the question goes, “does the ability to main long-term friendships with a small number of people matters more than the ability to make many new friends easily?” My answer is “yes”.

(论证) **First of all,** old friends usually show stronger loyalty than those newly-acquainted fellows. That means, no matter what happens, these friends will always stand by your side and provide you with support unconditionally. **However,** this merit is usually missing in short-term friendships. <u>Last year when I was in hospital, 2 of my old friends took turns to take care of me, accompanying me to endure the tough time. However, few of my “wide-range” new friends even came to visit me.</u>. It's clear that long-term friendship is much more reliable and the ability to main such kind of relationship is more critical. 


(论证) **In addition,** old friends tend to show more understanding of you, being familiar with your hobbies, interests and some other peculiarities. So, it is usually more comfortable for me to be with my old friends. <u>For instance, I am lactose intolerant and every time when l have dinner with my old friends, they would skip anything that contains milk or cheese, ordering food based on my favor. Contrary to my old friends' consideration, those newly-acquainted fellows are inclined to show surprise about my intolerance and still ick the food of lactose they prefer.</u> So, to me, old friends are much more considerate and contribute more to my happiness. 


(让步) **Admittedly,** the ability to make new friends easily is quite important for a person to get new ideas, broadening their views from different groups of people. However, compared with the ability to maintain long-term friendships still plays a less significant role in one's happiness. 

(总结) **To sum up,** one'’ s happiness is consist of various parts, including self-achievement, security and etc. and believe long-term friendship is of higher importance than other parts. as a result, the ability to maintain a long-term friendship with a small group of people is much more important.


#### TPO 50

> All university students should be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is. 


**Nowadays, with the advent of modernization, more and more employers are seeking for high-end talents and professionals to enhance their companies' overall competitiveness, thus creating a much more throat-cutting job market than before.** Under this circumstance, universities are planning to require all the students to take more compulsory basic courses, which could equip them with more knowledge and secure them a promising future career and among all the subjects, history is undoubtedly one of them. Some people assert that it is indeed necessary for all university students to sign up for history courses regardless of their major might be. Nevertheless, from my perspective, not all of them should be required to take the history class and how many students should take history courses depends on their own major.   

**Firstly,** it is unnecessary for IT majors to learn history courses. If we consider/take into account/factor what IT students’ future job might be, it is a lot more likely that most of them would sit in front of their computers or laptops, stare at their screen and program all sorts of useful and time-saving software. Take Bill Gates, the founder of the well-known Microsoft Corporation, for example. Before he turned Microsoft into a successful commercial software company, Bill himself also began his career as an average software engineer. Fortunately, thanks to his marvelous expertise, he then stood out in his career and grabbed the very chance to establish his commercial empire. Although he doesn’t know the slightest piece of history knowledge, he could still succeed in that his success has nothing to do with history but his outstanding specialty, persistent character and destiny’s favor.   

**Secondly,** accounting majors also are those students who don’t need to learn history. During the four-year university period, accounting majors are not only burdened with loads of assignments and presentations but plenty of professional qualifications to acquire, from CPA to ACCA (abbreviations for both Certified Public Accountant and The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants). If these students want to ensure a lucrative career in the future, it is better for them to spend more time preparing for these essential certificates. For instance, my brother, who also majors in accounting always stays up late to cram for his exams, papers and certificates because to him how to find a decent job is the first priority after his graduation.   

Of course, some students majoring in English and archeology may need to take history courses, because knowing something in history could deepen their understanding of their major study. For instance, if an English major has an idea of what once happened to Britain in the past hundreds of years and how it has shaped the country’s current culture, he could better understand the evolution of English language as a whole, what their language looked like during Shakespeare’s time and why poet would write some poems with certain contents.   

**In a nutshell, it is absurd to assert that** all university students should be required to take part in history courses but for some majors, such as English and archeology, learning is definitely a plus.

#### TPO 51

> Movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave.

**Due to the occurrence of modern social media, we are entering a new era of information exploration.** We absorb a variety of information on a daily basis, from the latest political campaign to the cutting-edge medical discovery and we are witnessing the world developing at a rapid rate. Nevertheless, this leads people to the discussion of the impact of daily social media. One side assumes that movies and television brings about more positive and proactive influence on the way people behave. However, I am a firm believer in that harmful effects outweigh beneficial ones. The reasons and examples are as follows. 

**In the first place,** the crime rate all over the world is now escalating, which may result from the violent fighting scenes and storyline of some films as well as TV programs. In order to boost audience rating, many producers are likely to add a number of violent and scary elements into their programs. Siblings may turn back on each other just for the purpose of family legacy; Spouses would think of murders because they are afraid that their affair may be found by their beloved ones; a protagonist, in order to save hostages, may kill so many good-bad men with destructive weapons. All these plots and stories would definitely mislead the youth to imitate the characters' words and behaviors. No wonder juvenile delinquency is showing up unexpectedly. This is one piece of solid evidence about the negative effects of movies and television. 

**In the second place,** the morality is torn apart due to many dark information existing in the social media. In the past, people could hardly imagine that their close friends or best mate would deceive them. Especially, in those ancient civilization, loyalty is the quality valued quite much by the whole community and people who made use of traps to set up their friends would be despised by others. However, the circumstance has changed drastically. For the sake of one’s own interest, they could take any action whatever the cost, even including hurting the ones who love them most. With more and more appearance of such incidents, a not-to-trust-anyone atmosphere is prevailing and dominating. This may also be brought about by many TV serials that we watch each day, such as Desperate Housewives, Gossip Girls and so forth. 

**Admittedly,** social media do have their bright sides. For instance, Sesame Street, one educational TV program in the U.S., which was once very popular among children. The young people can learn various scientific knowledge and discoveries in it. What’s more, the characters are very entertaining and humorous, which make children love it even more. However, from my own perspective, given the current situation, the dark sides of social media definitely outrun the bright ones and it is urgent for us to think of solutions to compensate. 

In a nutshell, I suppose movies and television have more detrimental influence than positive one on how young people behave.


#### TPO 52

> The rules that societies today expect young people to follow and obey are too strict. 

Within recent 30 years, our society has witnessed and experienced radical changes in each and every aspect of our life. Under this circumstance, young people are also faced with a wide range of temptations and impacts brought by various objects, from fancy entertainment gadgets, to online pornography and to subversive conception, which is why there are many rules nowadays for youngsters to follow and obey to insulate them from juvenile delinquency. However, some people may wonder whether some of these rules are too strict and serious and whether they should make a compromise. As far as I’m concerned, some rules may be too much and even may do harm to their natural development. 

First, some parents may order their children to devote most of their time to study and prevent them from any access to leisure and entertainment. Frequently, parents would have unreasonable expectations of their kids, hoping that they could show an outstanding performance in their school, be admitted into a top-rank university and own a decent career right after graduation. Because of these expectations, they would set a limit on hours on which children could spend watching television and even register for all kinds of extra curriculums to make their children more competent than their peers. But this teaching method will be very detrimental to their beloved sweethearts in that young children’s instinct prefers relaxing and exciting games and entertainment to tiring and killing studies and assignments. In the long run, it is likely to turn a kid into a dumb nerd, who has no idea of how to relax and enjoy each moment of life. What’s the point of forging a child into an outstanding individual while he loses the fun and joy of life forever and ever? 

Second, some parents are likely to forbid their children from puppy love or any form of intimate relationships they may establish with someone they like. Some parents may be afraid that falling into an early-stage romantic relation could be a distraction for their innocent kids, for which they may skip their regular classes to date or even earn a bad grades in their mid-term or final exams. Due to these fears and worries, parents usually curb any of their children’s close connection with a boy or a girl in the cradle. Nevertheless, this is unhealthy to a child’s mental development because owning a longtime and steady relationship is an indispensable component in people’s life. If children have never had any experience of dealing with the person they have a crush on, they are likely to be sensitive to the other’s emotional reaction, thus being emotionally vulnerable when they become an adult. In another word, isolating children from any access to any romantic relationship is too severe for them to follow. 

Admittedly, rules sometimes are necessary because they could do good to children’s self-discipline and future development. For instance, too much entertainment and leisure could cause a child to indulge himself in it and get addicted; falling in love with another person and thus forming an unhealthy obsession could cost a young child too much and take him a long time to recover. All these incidents just show the necessity of rules and disciplines. But leaving children no time for fun and relaxation is too absolute, arbitrary and even devastating and we should make every effort to stop extremes from happening. 

In a nutshell, we should avoid those too strict rules and guide our children in a healthy and sustainable way.

#### TPO 53


> It is more important for governments to spend money to improve Internet access than to improve public transportation. 


The development of science and technology has come to pervade every aspect of our lives, especially the influence from the internet, which is changing people's life in a quite unprecedented speed, and as a result, some people consider government should spend money to improve internet access. After taking various factors into consideration, I, on the contrary, reckon that improving public transportation deserves more financial support from the government. 

Firstly, improvement of public transportation could help to solve the serious environmental problems nowadays. Undoubtedly, the disastrous consequence of environmental pollution has been quite obvious, such as the gloomy haze obscuring the top of the skyscrapers, acid rain poisoning farmland and eroding buildings, sea level rise resulting from global temperature rise etc., which urgently calls for effective measures to resolve all these life-threatening challenges. Public transportation capable of vast passenger volume could be one efficient way to take the place of various private vehicles whose exhaust emission is the main pollutants. For example, I am living in one city in North China that suffered bitterly from air pollution. In order to recover the blue sky, last year our government carried out one policy to lower the price of the bus together with improved services. Not surprisingly, more passengers chose to take public transportation. With less exhaust emission from the private vehicles, the air quality was improved since then. Secondly, compared with internet access, public transportation could benefit more people. 

Admittedly, with the appearance of various social softwares, internet, because of its efficiency and convenience, does serve as one important role in communication, but not everyone can be proficient or even familiar with internet. We should not ignore the sobering fact that there are still a large amount of illiterate people especially in the remote poverty-stricken areas. Being unable to read or type prevents them from getting online no matter how convenient the Internet access is. By contrast, public transportation could help those areas to connect with outside developed urban areas to develop their economy. The railway connecting eastern China and Tibet could be one persuasive example. Before this railway was built, the lagging economic situation in Tibet constrained the improving of people's living standard. Many family even could not afford their children to get education, while after the Chinese government built the railway to connect Tibet to the outside developed areas, Tibet's economy has been developing dramatically as the railway introduces more industries and encourages tourism, and as a result, large numbers of local people could benefit from what the public transportation promises. 

Conclusively, since public transportation could ensure both improved environment and economy, the government is highly advised to spend money on improving public transportation.


#### TPO 54

> Governments should spend more money in support of the arts than in support of athletics such as state-sponsored Olympic teams.

With the accelerating development of our society, arts and athletics have been playing two important roles in our daily life. It's hard to judge which has more significance. While some people are advocators for that governments should spend more fund in support of the arts, there're also many people believe athletics worth more attention and investment. From my perspective, I disagree that the governments spend more money on supporting arts.
    
First, **supporting the athletics can provide more chances and better environments for the athletes.** Government has influence to the public. When government indicate that they would like to put more money on supporting athletics, that also means they support that citizens pay more energy and income on sports. Sports means more than arts to some degree, and the activities can involve almost all kinds of people even handicaps. For instance，if the government would like to cultivate athletics such as sportsmen from Olympic teams, the influence of a gold medalist is huge. Children would arouse their interest in sports for the athletes have set a good example. Sportsmanship could be a good teacher for teenagers, they need somebody to tell them when facing the difficulties and sufferings, they should overcome them with their diligence, perseverance and strong belief. Only if the sports are paid attention by nation and citizens，the country would develop better with their strong and healthy people.
    
Let's talk about why we don't spend more fund on the arts. As I have mentioned, sports are highly educational, while arts are not so appropriate to education. It's known that arts are somehow obscure and pluralistic. An art work may contain different and several meanings，and some reflect the dark side in the society, which is too early for the children to know, and teenagers without right directions would imitate some of the actions.
    
Also, there's a saying that‘Artists are inspired by the suffering.' Vincent van Gogh was a best example. He lived cleanly and poorly，with no money, no women ,or applause. While Auguste Rodin was hiring beautiful naked models dancing in the studio, Vincent has no money to hire models, so he can only paint towards the mirror again and again, lone and bitter artists can figure their spirit on the paper, in their work，we read more than beauty，but a thought，an attitude , an era. Roman Rolland has said ‘Poverty is not only a mentor of the mind, but also a tutor of style. It makes spirit and mental to be indifferent towards fame and fortune.'
    
To maximize the profit, government will tend to invest the money on a more profitable project. If we invest the same money on an art exhibition and a sports competition, that would be very easy to tell that the sports competition will appeal more audience and attract more attention. Sports will become a culture if we treated it seriously, like Olympics, which symbols freedom and equality. And if a country, unfortunately was involved in a war, the museum and artworks are very likely to be destroyed, these masterpieces almost are the entire worth of the arts, but sports don't. Like Olympics, it was suspended during World War，but a year after that, Olympics returned. 
    
Finally, the relation between artists and athletes are interactive. Athletes represent the national physical strength, artists represent the national mental strength. Neither of them are unimportant. But as for a country, we need our people physically strong first, we hope to let the athletes be our good examples, when we see our athletes fight against the rivals, we feel uniform, a kind of national cohesion. 
    
In conclusion, governments should spend more money in support of the athletics, such as state-sponsored Olympic teams and so on. And athletics field can perform better than now if we pay more attention to it. 


#### TPO 55

> When classmates or colleagues communicate about a project in person instead of by e-mail, they will produce better work for the project.


Upon the arrival of technological era, we are facing a problem whether working or studying through the e-mail gains more benefits than communicating in person. It is widely acknowledged that, compared with face-to-face communication, sending e-mails is really of high efficiency. From my perspective, communication in person, not surprisingly, is more likely to create values.

When it comes to the topic of how to create more ideas and better complete the task, discussing in a team in person definitely plays a key role. **That is to say that** once workers or classmates are required to finish some projects efficiently, they can work together to have a heated discussion with each other. Without any doubt，it is quite easy for the whole team to come up with more creative ideas in person since discussing problems together can point out problems immediately and exchange their distinct perspectives. Gradually, not only will this kind of communication foster a holistic approach to solve the study or work task, but they also allow employees or students create original ideas.

Moreover, despite the aspect of new ideas, strengthening the relationship with colleagues and classmates is thriving there. It is the face-to-face discussion that enables workers or students to know what others think and how they behave in a team, such as knowing what the group member’s expression is and changing their attitude while showing difference, which ultimately promotes mutual understanding among teammates. Evidence suggests that the more workers or students know about their group members, the more effective the project will be because they know each other’s advantages and disadvantages.

Finally, one radical proposal that while communicating about a project in person instead of e-mails, classmates or colleagues work more efficiently so as to make projects more excellent. If workers or students are working in person, it is no doubt that they can share their materials with others immediately and correct the problems as soon as they find out in the group discussion. Efficiency, a key to success, is quite necessary to perform better in the working or studying. Sending e-mails, however, mainly transferring the written information rather than helping us to deal with the problems directly. Even it is quite possible to delay in reading and responding to emails so that teammates cannot have an immediate discussion. 

In conclusion, although e-mails play an important in the development of a country, I actually hold the view that to communicate in person brings more advantages than athletics when we work with other coworkers and classmates. 


#### TPO 56

> Some people like to keep a record of their own experiences by uploading pictures and other information to social-networking sites. Other people prefer not to create such records.Which approach do you prefer, and why?

Communication tools are transforming the twenty-first-century social life at lighting speed. To create colorful life in this dynamic environment, people in different fields discuss about a hot topic about whether they should record their own life experiences in social-networking sites through uploading pictures and other things. A large number of individuals stick to not recording due to the privacy. From the opposite perspective, I confirmedly maintain that keeping a record in social network brings continuous advantages.

To begin with, the practice of continued recording helps maintain the relationship with distant friends. Specifically, because of geographical distance with some friends, we are gradually lack of opportunities to communicate with them directly. Clearly, when we upload the pictures about what we do in the daily life, such as participating in some indoor or outdoor activities, exercising in the gym, or presenting our talents in the field of art, it is highly possible that friends downloading the same social software may browse the completed information we record. No one can deny the possibility that they may write something about the feeling in the message board after they notice what we record about our latest life conditions, which means that we can establish a connection with those distant friends. 

In addition, supporters have also contended that using social software can acquire more worldwide information so as to widen the horizon. Given the widespread availability of the Internet, our information not only can be seen by familiar people, but also helps to connect with strangers in the same website. That is to say, the pictures and videos on the Internet are performing as a bridge to share distinct or same opinions with other Internet users. What we record may express ideas about the current news in other countries, such as world economic situation, environmental protection, scientific innovation and cultural transmission. New media industry enables us both to present information perfectly and to learn from others about how other local people analyze these professional areas.

Finally, the habit to record our experiences acts as a key to success in future career. Many of us are inclined to keep notes about study and work plan and mark the time when we achieve our goal. Social networking is open to every person including our colleagues, leaders, and even the customers. Undeniably, by remarking the process of how we work hard during the course of projects and share the happiness of achieving the success in completing challenging tasks on the social networking, we can be widely known by leaders and they even highly appreciate us, thus paying more attention to us in the workplace. Eventually, there are numbers of arguments to support that once leaders care more about us, this kind of concern plays a significant role in leading us to gain better job opportunities.

In conclusion, it is widely advocated that posting daily information on social-networking sites can be a profitable method for the Internet users in strengthening the friendship, enriching the knowledge and paving the way to success in working.

#### TPO 57

> The best way to truly relax and reduce stress is to spend time alone.




With the development of people’s living standard, quite a large number of people are facing a hot topic whether spending time alone is the best way to totally relax. Compared with enjoying ourselves alone, other forms of relaxation definitely play a key role in our daily life. From my perspective, spending time with families, traveling with friends and even actively participate in social activities are more likely to create values in easy life.

When it comes to getting together with families, not surprisingly, it is an effective way for us to release the pressure. It is quite easy for us to start a topic with our families both about things that make us happy and about troubles that lead to depression. That is to say, sharing happiness with families enables us to win double happiness. After they feel the happy moment, it is common that they will recall their cheerful things in their life or in the workplace and share with us. 

In addition, not only will communicating with families bring us the happy moment, but just watching television with them or having meals together undeniably makes us leave the unpleasant things behind, thus relieving the stress.Moreover, despite the way to stay with families, traveling with friends is conductive to relaxing. Friends, obviously, bring us a lot of happiness because we are familiar with each other and know what we like and what we are worried about. Traveling with friends can get away from the daily grind and appreciate the beautiful scenery and capture the memorable moment with the camera, which ultimately enables us to immerse in the pleasant mood. Evidence suggests that the more time we stay with friends, the more happiness we will obtain because peers have the common topic or always like to share the latest information. Thus, this can enrich our daily life and making us be in the state of satisfaction.Finally, one radical proposal to relax is to take part in social activities. If we always join some outdoor or indoor activities, we can not only enjoy the process of meeting new friends, but also can enjoy the relaxing and pleasant atmosphere for communication and exchange. At the same time, there is no doubt that activities or parties apparently involve so many special designed games that players eventually enjoy great pleasure and satisfaction from these games. Nevertheless, spending time alone means that no one can have a cause communication with and even no friends around to play together. If facing obstacles and suffering from stress, hardly do we confide annoyance with others or finding out fun activities to relieve the stress.In conclusion, although sometimes to keep ourselves alone may enjoy a piece of peace, I actually maintain that having time with families, friends and even strangers in parties actually contributes to relaxing. 





