---
title: "TOEFL-口语素材"
date: 2021-07-01T15:01:38+08:00
draft: false
categories:
    - work
    - English
    - TOEFL

tags:
    - language
    - English
    - TOEFL

enableTocContent: true
---

## 独立话题

朋友、放松、效率，提升自己，擅长

- Make friends

    - It can help me make more friends, you known I can meet people from different fields and get know them, so it can help me to build a large network

    - get to know each other

    - improve the relationship with other students, we can solve the problem together and become close friend


- improve ourselves

    - broad our general knowlegde, open our mind

    - a chance for me to learn from others

    - cultivate our team spirit, we can learn how to cooperate and communicate with others, which is important in my daily life and work

    - allow us to exchange ideas with other

    - I'm good at it

- Save time / Efficiency

    - in a group, we can always share the tasks, and everyone just need to complete part of it.

    - (Modern Technologies) if you use too much modern technologies, it's bad for (studying) efficiency, some student cannot concentrate on what they are doing in the class, because there are too many distraction like playing video game, chating with your friend and so on

    - online course can be repeated, so I can watch it again and again until I understand that

    - convient (Internet), I just need to type the keyword, and the result will show up


- Relax

    - whenever we feel tierd and stressed, we can just play or listen to a piece of music (melody, 曲调，旋律), watch a movie, listen to a concert, go to the amusement park, entertainment facilities(娱乐设施)

    - which can help us relax our mind, take our mind away from troubles

    - see a film / watch movies

    - really fun, learn foreign culture, foreign custome, foreign festives, such as delicious food

- Small example 

    - Selfish / Rude:

        when I was a child, I was very selfish and rude to my friends, and they are very upset about that, so even nowadys, I can still remember the lesson learned from that, I always reminder myself to be considerable and nice to others

        mistake, past

    - Taking notes:

        when thinking about the experience in the test, I find taking note is the key, repeating them can help me get better score and do well in the future test. 

        mistake, past

    - Cooking

        Cooking can help them take good care of themselves and become more independent, adopt new environment more easily  

- Others

    - Traveling by subway

    - amusement park (游乐园) such as Disney Land

    - form a great part of economy / Pay a lot of tax (government can use the money to build new schools and hospitals )

### 教育

1. take courses in a variety of subject areas or a single subject area

    Well, i would like to take course in a variety if subject areas, Because it can ...

    - 交朋友
    - 放松，很有趣 take a break after leanring mathmatic

2. work on class assigenments by themself or in a group 

    Honstly, I would like to work on class assigenments in a group, First of all, it can save a lot of time, because in a group, we can always share the tasks, and everyone just need to complete part of it.

    Besides, I would like to do group projects because ...

    Therefore, I would like to do

3. learning on Internet or in traditional classroom

    on Internet
    - replay as many time as want to
    - save time

    Traditional classroom
    - time spirit
    - (internet) distraction

4. It's more important to study math or science than it is to study art or literature

    注意，这里还是最好选择一边，回答的比较容易，不要选择中

    Art or lierature

    - relex (whenever we feel tierd, we can just play a piece of music, which can help us relax our mind)
    - make friends with foreigns. (learn foreign culture, such as foreign custome, foreign festives, which help us make friends with foreigners)

    math or science

    - it has good chance to be a engineer, which can earn a lot of money
    - change history
    - science is import in our daily life, such as electric

5. online course is more effective than learning in the traditional classroom setting

    注意审题，这里的是 more effective，而不是单纯的learn


6. child shold be required to learn a second language in school 

    - the second language is a import skill, nowadays, it's common to work with foreigners, so being able to say a sceond language could help us find a better job

    - real fun, learn foreign culture, such as foreign custom, foreign festivals

    - improve memory and academic performance


7. It's essential for a person's education to learn to play a musical instrument. or not

    - better relax themselves, play a piece of melody
    - easily make friends, because on the party or social gathering, a person who can play the panio or other instrument can always earn others' respect

8. prefer to get information for a research project mainly from the Internet, or use printed materials such as books and academic journals

    - Complete my research paper much better, on the internet, I can access information everywhere around the world, I can read the latest paper about them, get enough information to make my paper prefect

    - convient, I just need to type the keyword, and the result will show up

9.  One of the best ways to learn is by making mistakes. Use specific examples and details to support your opinion

    - the mistake can leave us a deep impression, which can help us remember the lesson for a large time

    E.g. when I was a child, I was very selfish and rude to my friends, and they are very upset about that, so even nowadys, I can still remember the lesson learned from that, I always reminder myself to be considerable and nice to others

    - failure is the key to the success, I do think so 

    - without mistakes, we may probably stay at where we are and make litt progress

    - Turn mistakes into the chances to success

    In my opinion, I agree with this statement that one of the best ways to learn is by making mistakes. I will take myself as an example. When I was three young,  I was a selfish kid, that ever I have snacks that I like, I would not share it with others, even all the children of my family menbers, since than, My family menber stop sharing snacks with me. I was so upset and regret

10. It's important to remember and learn from the past.

    - lead to future success. the experience in the test, taking note is the key, repeating them can help me get better score. 

    - failure is the mother of the success. 

11. children should be required to learn practical skills, such as cooking or personal finance, in addition to academic subjects.

    - Cooking can help them take good care of themselves and become more independent, adopt new environment more easily

    - help children learning from doing, it's definitely more interesting than learning from the texture. Finance -> math

12. Student benefit more from classes with a large number of students than they do from smaller classes. 

    - can make a lot of friends

    - get help easily, easily ask problems around them 

    - concentrate better in the smaller class

13. Some university students choose to take difficult classes even if they know they might not get a good grade in the class. Other studnets prefer to take easier classes in which they know they will get a good grade. 

    - taking easier classes, I just don't need to spend all the time studying, have time to do what I like, such as having fun with friends, and take part-time job and make money.

    - better grade, make me feel good, make me feel confident, help me find better job

14. A university's academic reputation is the most important thing a student should consider in deciding which university to attend.

    Honestly, I believe that academic reputation is the most important factor that a student should consider when choosing the university.

    Because if we choose a good university with good academic reputation, that means I can learn quit a lot there,  because such universities often have famous professor, so by going to or choosing such university, can help student learn what they need to know, grant them a good future. 

    That's why I believe that academic reputation is the most important factor


15. Students will learn more if the teacher is kind and friendly.

    Well, I believe that if the teacher is kind and friendly, the student will learn more. 
    
    Because in this case, students feel relaxed, you know, they can feel that they are at ease, so during the class, they are more likely focus on the content on the lesson. I'm sure studnet can learn more. 

    Besides, friendly teachers can make friends with students, and they always listen to their friends, right? so in this case, they more likely to accept their teacher's ideas or even critism. 

    Therefore, I think Students will learn more if the teacher is kind and friendly.


16. It's more enjoyable for students to read works of fiction (such as novels and stories) than nonfiction.

    I think it's more enjoyable for students to read work of ficiton, suchas novels and stories.

    Because, fiction usually has really interesting characters, for example, in some fiction, there may monsters, who could fly in the sky, there are also monsters who could blow a fireball, so it's just interesting than reading some nonfiction. 
    
    Besides, reading fiction is more enjoyable because fiction can take place in the magic world, where everyone has magic power, which is more interesting than reading some document.


17. If you were given the choice of a school or work assignment, would you prefer write a long report or give a speech in front of a large group of people. 

    - I am good at it. Given a speech, I'm sure I can finish perfectly, and I'm sure I can get a better grades. 

    - Take less time to prepare


18. Some people believe that primary schoolsshould no longer teach children how to write by hand, and instead should spend time teaching them how to type on compyter.

    Typing 可能更好说一点

    - Well, I think school should teach students how to type. Because typing is  more faster than writing by hand, and I think people can do that at least  two time faster, so in this case, student can be more efficient when they type.

    - Also, I think typing is more convient, because nowadays, student type paper on the compter, they can use spell check to correct their mistake, It can make sure they write a good article.

    - Therefore, I think school should teach students how to type.

### 科学技术

1. (TPO 40) some people think that materials printed on the paper, such as books and newspaper, will one day be replaced by electronic version of those material. Others believe that printed materials will always be popular. 

    Well I believe that materials printed on paper will be replaced by the electronic versions.
    
    **this is because e-books are more convenient.**  
    
    you know nowadays many people enjoy reading on their cell phone and it’s just much easier to carry their cell phones around than carrying heavy paper books
    
    **and also e-books are a lot cheaper** 
    
    because they are usually half price of those paper materials so when reading electronic versions people can save a lot of money therefore I believe the electronic books will be more popular in the future


### 城市社区

1. (TPO 42) Some people prefer living in a big city. Other people prefer living in the countryside, away from urban areas.

    - It's so much more fun. In big city, there are lots of interesting places to go to, such as the movie theater, such as different park, so in this case, I can hang out with my friends.

    - Besides, in the big city, I think I can just get a better job, because there are lots of companies here, and I can work for them. So in this case I can make a better salary, and enjoy a comfortable life. 

    - Therefore, I would like to live in a big city. 

    - It's convient for me to live in a big city, because I can go anywhere traveling by sunway, which is cheap and fast.

    - It's really fun in the big city, because there are lots of amusement park, such as Disney land. I can spend all weekend in the park with my friends.

### 艺术与历史

1. (TPO 45) Artists and musicians are important to a society.

    - They can help people to releax.

    - Pay a lot of tax, governemnt can use them to build lots of school.

    - form a great part of economy


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 健康生活

1. (TPO 46) People today have healthier lifesyle than people did 100 years ago.

    Well, I believe than people have much healthier lifestyle in the past. Because they have healthier food. You know everything they eat was organic, so, they are much more nutrient and much more healthier than the food today. 

    Besides, people do exercise in the past. You know, they didn't really have cars, so they rode bicyle and walked, so they really feet and healthier.

    



## 校园场景

### 校园服务与设施

1. TPO 40

    The university is going to create a lounge for commuter students, this is because it can give commuter student the same advantage of the dormitory students have, also in this lounge, this could be a bulltin board for posting and sharing important information, and in the conversion, the woman like this idea, she say the dorm student have the lounge, so they can use the lounge to make friends with their classmates and neighbors, it could be essential for students' life, so it's great that commuter student can have one. Also, she says that the school or the students can post notes about right sharing information on the bulltin board, it can help student save money, since a few of they can travel in one card.



### 学术要求

1. TPO 41

    The university has decided to make a group presentation as the final project, because it can help studnet to discover the reward and challenges of working with others, and also, student can share discovery in the presentation, so other students can learn as well.

    However, the woman doesn't like this idea, this is because, depending on others really makes her nervous, her roomate has done this final project before, she end up doing everything herself, it really hurt her grade. And also, the woman said that student would foucs on the exam at the end of semester, so they don't have time to do a great presentation. Other students are prey occupied well, they wouldn;t listen.


### 学生活动


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


## 学术话题


### 商科


(TPO 44 1) The reading passage talks about the scope creep, you know, as the project progress, the client often ask for more that the business originally expected to provide. For example, the professor's friend has a construction company, and the company was hired to build a wooden fence for lady. They made a verbal agreement and didn't put anything in the writing. Latter, when the job almost done, that lady said she want the fence be painted white. But the professor's friend thought he was hired to just build the fence, not painting the fence, but finally, he agree with the woman's request. But he is not very happy about this. Therefore, it's a good example that explains scope screep.


(TPO 40 2) The professor talks about two strategies that sell people use to address custom's concerns. Well, The first is pointing out sth special about the product. When the sell person showing the custome laptop, the custome just raise the concern that the laptop is a little bit expensive, in this case, the sell person can point out how fast the laptop is, so hopefully, it can address the custome's concern. and another strategy is demonstrate product in response to the concern. For example, the custome raise teh concern about whether the laptop is portable or not, In this case, the sell person can carrying case and slinging it over his shoulder. 


### 生物

(TPO 40 1) The reading passage talks about agonistic behaviour, this is a kind of an agressive behaviour, which animal participant in the phyical competition to demonstrate which one is more powerful. For example, there are two snakes, they both want to eat the food in the hole, so they basicly face to each other, they lift their body and push each other around, however, none of these snake want to bite the other, eventaully, when one of the snake get control of the other, instead of biting the other, it would just let it go. At the end, the winner snake look for food in the hole. Therefore, it's a good example that explains this behaviour.

(TPO 42 2) The professor talks about a possible effect of majot climate changes, that is the change climate could cause the extination of the thunderbird. **This is because** the scientist have found a lot of bones of this gaint birds near an ancient dry up lake. Usually, when there is a long dry period, birds tend to gather by the lake, when the drop last longer, the lake could dry up. So, it's the reuslt taht animals die. And they think it's the case for the thunder bird. They came up for the lake, when the lake dry up, the gaint birds are going to the extinction.


### 心理

(TPO 41 1) Well, the reading passage talks about the primacy effect, you know, it means that our opinion we have of people tend to base much more on our first information (impression) that we learn, like the prof, he used to work as a research assistant. In his first week, he made suggestion to improve the experiments, then his boss think he was great, even though he made some mistakes later on, the boss still thought he was a start.But the professor's co-worker make a big mistake in the 1st week, and then the boss just thought, she is unreliable, even though, she turn out to be good, the boss still think she was unreliable. Therefore, it's 2 examples to explain the primacy effect.

(TPO 41 2) Well, the professor talks about 2 reasons why play is important for children's development. First of all, play can help chidlren feel more in control, because when playing, they are able to control their own world, they can decide which toy to play, and how to play with it, for example, they can play building blocks without help. So in this case, children feel more in control. Besides, it's more important because it give children a safe way to explore certain urgenence, to be specific, it allow them to explore the urgence to be destructive. for example, children can smash the blocking all down. 





## 提醒

- 举例不要想的太宏达了，举小例子

- 遇到难说的东西，把它解构成较小、具体的东西。比如小说，解构成里面的人物很有趣，地点可以发生在魔法世界

- 找到定义，不要记例子




